Add link to Minikube in "Install and Set Up kubectl on macOS" (#44982)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/included/verify-kubectl.md

[kubeconfig file](/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/),
which is created automatically when you create a cluster using
[kube-up.sh](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/cluster/kube-up.sh)

> or successfully deploy a [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) cluster.

Reviewer: Hi @deadandhallowed, you can refer to this [comment](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/44981#issuecomment-1922102046) for further changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or successfully deploy a {{<glossary_tooltip text="Minikube" term_id="minikube" >}} cluster.
```
